---
id: qtj412ln
title: SECURITY
file_version: 1.1.3
app_version: 1.13.0
---

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

Currently, only the following versions of SOL Panel are being actively supported with security updates:

<br/>

|Version|Supported           |
|-------|--------------------|
|1.x.x  |:white\_check\_mark:|

<br/>

## Reporting a Vulnerability

We take the security of SOL Panel seriously. If you discover any issues or vulnerabilities, we strongly encourage you to privately report your findings to our dedicated team.

Please send your findings via email to [disclosures+solpaneltrustless.engineering](mailto:sloures+sanl@tlesgineing).

Upon receiving your report, we will:

1.  Confirm receipt of the report within 48 business hours.

2.  Investigate the issue and update you every week about our progress.

3.  Discuss any necessary steps and work with you to understand the vulnerability, validate it, and plan any required remediation.

We request that you:

*   Provide us a reasonable amount of time to resolve the issue before disclosing it to the public or a third party.

*   Make a good faith effort to avoid violating privacy, destroying data, or interrupting or degrading the SOL Panel service.

If your report is valid and leads to a fix, we'll publicly acknowledge your contribution in our release notes and other suitable channels. Please indicate in your report if you do not want to be publicly acknowledged.

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBc29sLXBhbmVsJTNBJTNBdHJ1c3RsZXNzLWVuZ2luZWVyaW5n/docs/qtj412ln).
